In order to open a server, you must specify a listening address implementing
the network layer from the OSI model.  The @command{serve} utility allows you
to do that by passing the @code{-a} option.

The operand to the @code{-a} option is a string specifying the listening
address.  It is made of space-separated ASCII tokens.  The first one specifies
the address family and is case sensitive.  If no @code{-a} option is present,
@code{serve} behaves as if @code{-a "inet 0.0.0.0 4869"} had been passed.

@deffn {Address} inet address port
Uses POSIX family @code{AF_INET} to specify an IPv4 address.  The token
@var{address} must be an IPv4 address in dotted decimal notation.  The token
@var{port} must be a port number in decimal notation (between 1 and 65535).
The address is parsed as if by the POSIX function @code{inet_addr}.
@itemize @bullet{}
@item
Specifying a machine's IP address means you will only accept incoming
connections from that machine.  The special IP address @code{127.0.0.1} allows
you to only accept connections from the same computer the server is running on.
@item
Specifying a network's IP address means you will accept incoming connections
from any machine in that network.  The IP address @code{0.0.0.0} allows you to
accept connections from any machine on the Internet.
@end itemize

These addresses are only compatible with sockets of type @code{stream}.
@end deffn

@deffn {Address} inet6 address port
Uses POSIX family @code{AF_INET6} to specify an IPv6 address.  The token
@var{address} must be an IPv6 address in standard notation.  The token
@var{port} must be a port number in decimal notation (between 1 and 65535).
The address is parsed as if by the POSIX function @code{inet_pton}.
@itemize @bullet{}
@item
Specifying a machine's IP address means you will only accept incoming
connections from that machine.  The special IP address @code{::1} allows you to
only accept connections from the same computer the server is running on.
@item
Specifying a network's IP address means you will accept incoming connections
from any machine in that network.  The IP address @code{::} allows you to
accept connections from any machine on the Internet.
@end itemize

These addresses are only compatible with sockets of type @code{stream}.
@end deffn

@deffn {Address} unix path
Uses POSIX family @code{AF_UNIX} to specify a Unix-domain socket.  The token
@var{path} is the path to the socket file to be created.  The maximum length
supported for the path depends on the OS.

These addresses are compatible with both socket types.
@end deffn

@deffn {Address} vsock port context
Linux only.  Uses family @code{AF_VSOCK} to specify a VSOCK address.  The
tokens @var{port} and @var{context} are both non-negative integers in decimal
notation.  They specify the port number and the context identifier
respectively.

These addresses are only compatible with sockets of type @code{stream}.
@end deffn

@deffn {Address} x25 address
Linux only.  Uses family @code{AF_X25} to specify an X.25 address for a network
as defined in @url{https://www.iso.org/standard/33080.html,,ISO/IEC 8208}.  The
token @var{address} specifies the X.25 address and consists of up to 15 decimal
characters.

These addresses are only compatible with sockets of type @code{seqpacket}.
@end deffn
