Building @command{serve} is easy and only requires a conforming POSIX
environment including the @command{make} and @command{c99} utilities.
@url{https://www.gnu.org/software/make/,,GNU Make} along with
@url{https://gcc.gnu.org/,,GCC} comes closest to what was used to test
@command{serve}.

The easiest way to build @command{serve} is to type the following command from
the root directory of the @command{serve} repository.

@example
make
@end example

On implementations of @command{make} that support is, the @code{-j} option can
be used to parallelize the process and make it faster.  Four jobs should be
plenty enough.

@example
make -j4
@end example

If you want a more advanced build, you will have to edit the line in the
@code{Makefile} that sets the @code{CFLAGS} macro.  You should not remove the
@code{-D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=200809L} option present by default except to replace it
with @code{-D_POSIX_C_SOURCE=202405L} if your C library supports POSIX.1-2024
(as of writing this, such support in the GNU C library is still incomplete).

Adding @url{https://www.gnu.org/software/automake/,,GNU Automake} to mitigate
the need for this step is under consideration, but don't expect it too soon.

If your C compiler is @url{https://gcc.gnu.org/,,GCC}, the following options
may come in handy.

@multitable @columnfractions .2 .3 .5
@headitem Option @tab Purpose @tab Description
@item @code{-O3} @tab Performance @tab Enables more advanced optimizations
@item @code{-march=native}
	@tab Performance
	@tab Optimizes for the current computer, precludes the build from
	running on a different processor
@item @code{-flto}
	@tab Performance
	@tab Optimize at link time (slows down building considerably)
@item @code{-g} @tab Debugging @tab Generates debugging symbols
@item @code{-Og}
	@tab Debugging
	@tab Enables only optimizations that don't interfere with debugging
@item @code{-pedantic} @tab Development @tab Flags nonstandard C constructs
@item @code{-Wall} @tab Development @tab Enables most warnings
@item @code{-Wextra}
	@tab Development
	@tab Enables even more warnings (some of which are only recommended
	while looking for bugs)
@item @code{-fanalyzer}
	@tab Development
	@tab Enables the static analyzer (slows down building considerably)
@end multitable
