By design, the behavior of @command{serve} can be customized by passing it
options.  Each option has the form @code{-l x} or @code{-lx} where @var{l} is a
single character identifying the option and @var{x} is the operand passed to
it.  If @var{x} includes whitespace characters, quote marks must be used around
either @var{x} if using the first form (@code{-l "x"}) or around the whole
argument if using the second form (@code{"-lx"}).

The following table summarizes all options supported by @command{serve}.

@multitable @columnfractions .1 .3 .6
@headitem Option @tab Default value @tab Description
@item @code{-a} @tab @code{inet 0.0.0.0 4869} @tab
	See @xref{Addresses}.
@item @code{-b} @tab OS-specified @tab
	Specify a hint for the size of the listen queue, or backlog.  This
	queue contains the connection requests that the OS received but
	@command{serve} has not accepted yet.  Since this is only a hint, the
	effective size of the queue may be different from the one you provide.
@item @code{-c} @tab OS-specified @tab
	Specify an upper bound for the number of concurrent, already accepted
	connections.  The effective limit may be lower depending on how your OS
	manages file descriptors.  For more details, see the section on
	awaiting connections.
@item @code{-p} @tab None @tab
	Reserved for specifying the transport-layer protocol; currently
	unimplemented.
@item @code{-t} @tab @code{stream} @tab
	Specify the socket type.  Possible values are @code{stream} for a
	byte-stream socket corresponding to POSIX value @code{SOCK_STREAM} and
	@code{seqpacket} for a sequenced-packet socket corresponding to POSIX
	value @code{SOCK_SEQPACKET}.  There is no value corresponding to POSIX
	value @code{SOCK_DGRAM} because those are for connectionless-mode
	sockets which do not fit well within the client-server architecture
	that @command{serve} was designed for.
@end multitable
